Update readme to include community content (#749)
solo-io/service-mesh-hub: README.md

![Architecture](docs/content/img/smh-diagram.png)

Welcome to Service Mesh Hub
- [Features](#features)
- [Community](#community)
- [Questions and Resources](#questions-and-resources)

## Features

### Multi-mesh and multi-cluster
A core feature of Service Mesh Hub is its ability to configure and manage multiple 
service mesh deployments across multiple clusters. The Service Mesh Hub API provides 
an abstraction that allows users to configure groups of meshes as a single entity 
without having to deal with the underlying network configuration complexities.

### Heterogeneous meshes
Service Mesh Hub supports industry leading service mesh solutions. Its simple and 
powerful unified API allows users to easily utilize a variety of different service 
meshes without requiring expertise in any specific service mesh implementation.

### Simple and powerful API
Service Mesh Hub offers an API that emphasizes simplicity and ease of use without 
sacrificing functionality. Inherently complex service mesh configuration concepts 
(such as network routing, access control, security, etc.) are presented in a coherent 
representation supported by detailed, exhaustive documentation.

## Community

> Welcome to the Service Mesh Hub Community! This is a project for people and companies interested in the service mesh. The community is open to all and please feel free to share with colleagues and friends interested in learnint more and getting involved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the Service Mesh Hub Community! This is a project for people and companies interested in Service Mesh Hub. The community is open to all so please feel free to share with colleagues and friends interested in learning more and getting involved.
```

Read the full [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and contact support@solo.io to report any instances that violate the CoC or with any questions. 

### Contribution 
There are many ways to get involved in an open source community and contribute to the project. Watch [this talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VE-igex6Lz4) to learn more about the architecture and how it works. 
- **Code:** If you're looking to hack on service mesh, check out the code and the contribution guide [here](CONTRIBUTING.md) and look for the *good first issue* and *help wanted* labels in the GitHub issues. 
 - **Docs:** Contribute to the [Docs](docs/) or file issues for any docs bugs or requests [here](https://github.com/solo-io/service-mesh-hub/issues). 
 - **Talks and Blogs:** If you are interested in writing or speaking about Service Mesh Hub and would like access to content, images or help, [DM us here](https://solo-io.slack.com/archives/DHQ9J939V). Share your demos, tutorials and content back to the community.

### Community Meetings 

> Calls will be held every other Wednesday at 10am Pacific Time and are open to the general public. TThese meetings will be recorded and posted publicly to YouTube. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calls will be held every other Wednesday at **10am Pacific Time** and are open to the general public. These meetings will be recorded and posted publicly to YouTube. 
```

 - [Zoom meeting link](https://solo.zoom.us/j/98337720715) - open to the public and recorded

>  - [Meeting Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=solo.io_c144salt3ffnlfto3p1qnkbmdo%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FLos_Angeles)

Author: changed the calendar link
